Who are you really?
It doesn't matter who he is
First, he tore up the marriage of the king of Zhenbei
The first general who killed the king of Zhenbei
He also annihilated the vanguard of the King of Zhenbei
A true traitor
Prince, I will kill you
Kill you, he is cheaper and dares to make mistakes
Ah!
Uh-huh.
Know what it means to be unable to survive
No, Haoran silly girl
This thief has already killed two generals of the King of Zhenbei
There's going to be disaster.
You being with him will only hurt our whole family
Mom, I already missed it once
I will never leave him again
Ouch, what evil did I do in my last life?
Meet this rebel
Just court death
Don't implicate our whole family
If you really think about him
Get out of here
I want to live and die with him
Don't worry.
I will never drag you down
Pan Guoxiao, you have implicated us
You owe us the whole Gangnam fart
It's Daxia, it's Jiangnan who owes our young master
Has our young master ever owed you a penny?
If you owe Jiangnan
It should be you stationed ships
Shen Huaian and I will win sooner or later
There will be truth
Try to pass my order
From today
No more test drives in Jiangnan
All successful before the test drive
And why should the people of Jiangnan accuse
That's ours.
OK